Rogue One: A Star Wars Story;Science Fiction;Gareth Edwards;2016;Felicity Jones+17/10/1983+English:Diego Luna+29/12/1979+Mexican:Ben Mendelsohn+03/04/1969+Australian;The thrilling untold saga of the band of rebels who stole the Death Star's secret blueprints on behalf of the Alliance is told in this electrifying Star Wars spin-off;2.50 €
Iron Man;Action;Jon Favreau;2008;Robert Downey, Jr+04/04/1965+North American:Gwyneth Paltrow+28/09/1972+North American;An action-packed take on the tale of wealthy philanthropist Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) who develops an invulnerable robotic suit to fight the throes of evil. In addition to being filthy rich, billionaire industrialist Tony Stark is also a genius inventor. When Stark is kidnapped and forced to build a diabolical weapon, he instead uses his intelligence and ingenuity to construct an indestructible suit of armor and escape his captors. Once free, Stark discovers a deadly conspiracy that could destabilize the entire globe, and dons his powerful new suit on a mission to stop the villains and save the world. Gwyneth Paltrow stars as his secretary, Virginia "Pepper" Potts, while Terrence Howard fills the role of Jim "Rhodey" Rhodes, one of Stark's colleagues, whose military background leads him to help in the formation of the suit;2.50 €
Singin' in the Rain;Musical; Stanley Donen / Gene Kelly;1952;Gene Kelly+23/08/1912+North American:Donald O'Connor+28/08/1925+North American:Debbie Reynolds+01/04/1932+North American;Hollywood, 1927, the silent-film romantic team of Don Lockwood (Gene Kelly) and Lina Lamont (Jean Hagen) is the toast of Tinseltown. While Lockwood and Lamont personify smoldering passions onscreen, in real life the down-to-earth Lockwood can't stand the egotistical, brainless Lina. He prefers the company of aspiring actress Kathy Selden (Debbie Reynolds), whom he met while escaping his screaming fans. Watching these intrigues from the sidelines is Cosmo Brown (Donald O'Connor), Don's best pal and on-set pianist. Cosmo is promoted to musical director of Monumental Pictures by studio head R.F. Simpson (Millard Mitchell) when the talking-picture revolution commences. That's all right for Cosmo, but how will talkies affect the upcoming Lockwood-Lamont vehicle "The Dueling Cavalier"? Don, an accomplished song-and-dance man, should have no trouble adapting to the microphone. Lina, however, is another matter; put as charitably as possible, she has a voice that sounds like fingernails on a blackboard. The disastrous preview of the team's first talkie has the audience howling with derisive laughter. On the strength of the plot alone, concocted by the matchless writing team of Betty Comden and Adolph Green, Singin' in the Rain is a delight;2.52 €
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them;Fantasy;David Yates;2016;Eddie Redmayne+06/01/1982+English:Katherine Waterston+03/03/1980+English;This spin-off of the Harry Potter franchise jumps back in time to explore the wizarding world of 1926 New York, which is being threatened by both mystical acts of destruction and a group of extremist No-Majs (the American term for Muggles, i.e. those unable to use magic). Author Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) arrives in the city as part of a global study of fantastic beasts, but he gets caught up in this conflict when some of the magical creatures in his care are accidentally released. Katherine Waterston, Alison Sudol, Dan Fogler, Colin Farrell, Ezra Miller, and Johnny Depp co-star in this fantasy adventure, which was directed by David Yates (who helmed four of the Harry Potter films) and adapted for the screen by J.K. Rowling from her own book;2.53 €
Doctor Strange;Fantasy;Scott Derrickson;2016;Benedict Cumberbatch+19/07/1976+English:Chiwetel Ejiofor+10/07/1977+English:Rachel McAdams+17/11/1978+Canadian;After a car accident leaves him with nerve damage that ends his career as a New York neurosurgeon, Stephen Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch) travels to Kathmandu in the hope of finding an otherworldly cure for his injuries. There, a powerful mystic known as the Ancient One (Tilda Swinton) accepts him as her pupil and trains him in the art of sorcery. Eventually, Strange must use his new powers to stop a rival (Mads Mikkelsen) from causing chaos by accessing the Dark Dimension. Rachel McAdams, Chiwetel Ejiofor, and Benedict Wong co-star in this entry in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Directed by Scott Derrickson (Sinister);2.54 €
Arrival;Science Fiction;Denis Villeneuve;2016;Amy Adams+20/08/1974+Italian:Jeremy Renner+07/01/1971+North American;Denis Villeneuve directed this science fiction suspense film about Earth's response to a possible alien invasion. After extraterrestrial spacecraft plant themselves at various locations around the globe, a linguist (Amy Adams) and a theoretical physicist (Jeremy Renner) must find a way to communicate with the mysterious visitors in order to learn what they want and whether they pose a threat to humanity. Forest Whitaker and Michael Stuhlbarg star;2.55 €
Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World;Adventure;Peter Weir;2003;Russell Crowe+07/04/1964+New Zealand:Paul Bettany+27/05/1971+English:Billy Boyd+28/08/1968+Scotish;Director Peter Weir's first turn behind the camera since 1998's critically acclaimed The Truman Show, Master and Commander, The Far Side of the World is based on two Napoleonic War-era adventure novels in author Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey/Maturin series, Master and Commander and The Far Side of the World. Russell Crowe stars as Captain Jack Aubrey, a high-seas adventurer who maintains a strong bond with ship-surgeon Stephen Maturin (Paul Bettany). After conquering much of Europe already, Napoleon's forces have set their sights on taking Britain, so Aubrey and the crew of his ship, the HMS Surprise, take to the Pacific to intercept any attacking ships from the French fleet. When Aubrey eyes a renegade French super-frigate, the Surprise pursues, leading to an adrenaline-charged chase through the distant reaches of the sea. Edward Woodall, James D'Arcy, and Lee Ingleby also star as members of the Surprise's crew;2.56 €
Skyfall;Action;Sam Mendes;2012;Daniel Craig+02/03/1968+English:Judi Dench+09/12/1934+English:Javier Bardem+01/03/1969+Spanish;007 (Daniel Craig) becomes M's only ally as MI6 comes under attack, and a mysterious new villain emerges with a diabolical plan. James Bond's latest mission has gone horribly awry, resulting in the exposure of several undercover agents, and an all-out attack on M16. Meanwhile, as M (Judi Dench) plans to relocate the agency, emerging Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee Mallory (Ralph Fiennes) raises concerns about her competence while attempting to usurp her position, and Q (Ben Whishaw) becomes a crucial ally. Now the only person who can restore M's reputation is 007. Operating in the dark with only field agent Eve (Naomie Harris) to guide him, the world's top secret agent works to root out an enigmatic criminal mastermind named Silva (Javier Bardem) as a major storm brews on the horizon. Albert Finney also stars in the 23rd installment of the long-running spy series. The film was directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty, Revolutionary Road) and shot by acclaimed cinematographer Roger Deakins (True Grit, The Reader, The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford);2.57 €
The Revenant;Drama;Alejandro G. Iñárritu;2015;Leonardo DiCaprio+11/11/1974+North American:Tom Hardy+15/09/1977+English;In 1820s America, frontiersman and fur trapper Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) and his teenage son Hawk (Forrest Goodluck) join a pelt-gathering expedition. However, their party are attacked by Arikara Native Americans, who kill a number of the men. Glass then tries to lead the remainder of the group to safety, charting a new path to a U.S. fort. Unfortunately, he is soon mauled by a grizzly bear while hunting for food, and is horribly wounded. He is left in the care of roughneck John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy) and the young and inexperienced Jim Bridger (Will Poulter), while Hawk watches on in horror. Fitzgerald betrays him and leaves him buried alive in a shallow grave, but Glass nurses himself back to health and sets out to seek revenge. Alejandro González Iñárritu directed this pulse-pounding epic;2.58 €
Casino Royale;Action;Martin Campbell;2006;Daniel Craig+02/03/1968+English:Eva Green+05/07/1980+French;Actor Daniel Craig assumes the role formerly occupied by such screen greats as Sean Connery, Roger Moore, and Timothy Dalton to set out on the character's very first 007 mission. James Bond has earned his "00" status by masterfully executing a pair of death-defying professional assassinations. Now assigned the task of traveling to Madagascar to spy on notorious terrorist Mollaka (Sebastien Foucan) for his maiden voyage as a 007 agent, Bond boldly goes against MI6 policy to launch an independent investigation that finds him traversing the Bahamas in search of Mollaka's notoriously elusive terror cell. Subsequently led into the company of the mysterious Dimitrios (Simon Abkarian) and his exotic girlfriend, Solange (Caterina Murino), Bond soon realizes that he is closer than ever to locating well-guarded terrorist financier Le Chiffre (Mads Mikkelsen), the man who has personally bankrolled some of the most prevalent terrorist organizations on the planet. When Bond learns that Le Chiffre is planning to partake in an upcoming high-stakes poker game to be played at Montenegro's Le Casino Royale and use the winnings to establish his financial grip on the globe, M (Judi Dench) assigns beguiling agent Vesper (Eva Green) the task of watching over the fledgling agent as he plays against Le Chiffre in a covert attempt to destroy the nefarious gambler's well-established monetary stronghold in the underworld once and for all. Bond will need more than his legendary gambling skills in order to win this dangerous game, though, and after allying himself with local MI6 field agent Mathis (Giancarlo Giannini) and CIA operative Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright), the endlessly suave super-spy puts on his poker face for a high-stakes game of cards in which the stakes are not measured in dollars, but human lives;2.59 €
